README.md, before:

# login-bot-test
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgements">Acknowledgements</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
An alpha proof of concept Slack Bot.

## Built With

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
### Python Requirements
### Installation

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Added too "about the project" and "built with"

README.md, after:

# login-bot-test
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgements">Acknowledgements</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
An **alpha proof of concept** Slack Bot. This alpha version uses Python's built in 
[HTTPServer](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html) for local development. When a majority of this
proof of concept is complete, a production version will be written using a proper framework, either Flask, or Django.

## Built With
- Python 3.9.7
- [Slack Bolt for Python](https://api.slack.com/tools/bolt)

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
### Python Requirements
### Installation

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements
